we're a world of concrete and I've got a
gentleman with me as a product that is
really really fabulous it's it's brand
new to the marketplace we had a
contractor on earlier the show actually
yesterday who has used this product in
previous applications and he raised
about it but with me is Peter told me
and Peter your company is a GT es a GT
ambient glow technology ambient glow
technology so yes for those of us we can
we talk about ambient light after this
nature what does this represent exactly
give me an idea well env glow technology
is essentially a patented
photoluminescent stone and sand
aggregate okay that can be placed in any
type of concrete or cement or epoxy and
it makes the surface block and it's as
it's being poured or is this part of the
whole process of the curing or how would
you describe this well the great thing
is it can be used like any other exposed
aggregates so you just really need it on
the top of setting concrete and then
exposed it as you'd expose any type of
glass or any other type of exposed
aggregate yes really it could also be
placed in the in the clear coat so you
can actually put it so the way they'll
find sand you put it right into a clear
coat so this is like a luminescent or
phosphorous photoluminescence
pigment whole luminescent stone and sand
that we develop you brought along a
couple of pieces they're very very
lightweight just looks almost like yeah
but I'll yeah give me an idea what this
is
well since you what this is our new
product that we just launched this week
it's called glow creat and essentially
what it is it is a femine Tisha's
photoluminescent overlay so what it is
it's an overlay that glows
we've been developing this for two years
now and we found a company that actually
makes an overlay mix that will not
delaminate from any clean surface you
can put this on wood you can put it on
renown that only on concrete nope and it
doesn't require any climbing on either
so you can put this on any clean surface
from 1/16 of an inch which is very thin
as you see here on you can spray it
trowel it brush it roll it up to 2
inches in one layer one coating so you
know it's just depth - that's correct so
apparently this is a fairly thick
consistency
yes it's kind of it comes out like a
milkshake seeking a GFR sorry GRC hopper
gun
alright it's great how you do walls with
it so it's controllable another one so
highly controllable yeah norm yes so
this actually this is what it looks like
during the day right and at night this
will glow aqua blue in color not using
glow aqua blue yeah whatever color the
guy blue that to do all right what are
we talking about what is the flow rate
what's it what's the length of time well
after 15 minutes exposure to sunlight
exteriors it will glow for over 12 hours
really yes yeah and what do you figure
is the word factor in that I mean as far
as longevity and you know yeah well
longevity wife with regards to how long
how many years throwing low Google for
over 20 years okay
and so I would imagine it somewhere
along the line you can put you let's say
a spray washing absolutely you can power
wash or wash it will not be laminate it
will not it will not come on well this
is fascinate you it's a great very
excite and again it's a GT yes ambient
glow technology
here at the convention yes I have a
number of my dealers it's triggers from
all over the world and I'm visiting
okay that's fine a word box where's your
booze that we don't have a boutonniere
this year we're actually work with our
distributors that are going into
heritage glass now that somebody's
interested or nothing wants to find out
more are you online absolutely yes
convince us at WWE and low technology
dot-com ambient glow technology calm
well Peter is a pleasure meeting another
baby very fascinating project yeah I'm
like very light up very excited I thank
you thank you